this is the turning point that
everybody's been waiting for and now I'm
going to tell you why potentially $6
trillion worth of cash is about to move
into the markets and inflation is going
to get wild you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you you've got
to look at some fundamental aspects here
that can't be avoided and if you
understand the reasons why those
occurred it's going to explain what will
happen in the next 12 months all here in
this video the first thing you got to
understand is that money markets have
been the safe haven for investors both
on the retail side and the institutional
side over the last while there's been
big concern oh no I don't know what's
going to happen it's 2020 everything's
been shut down let's just park some cash
in these money markets and what that is
is shortterm highly liquid cash but it
was giving right now recently
5% returns so hey it's liquid I could
pull it out anytime I want and I'm going
to get a 5% yield that seems about right
so people were choosing that over the
stock market and that continued to grow
and grow and grow getting to the point
where $6 trillion worth had been parked
in this what was kind of boring kind of
ignored for the most part of course
every portfolio would include some of
this because you would have access to it
if you wanted the deploy it somewhere
you would always have it you don't
necessarily want to keep it in the bank
you want to keep it right there actively
waiting for you so that you could hit
two buttons and now move it into bonds
now you could move it into stocks now
you could move it into this or that
instantly $6 trillion worth is far
greater than anything we've seen before
now the understanding is we just had a
pow pivot a Fed pivot where the Federal
Reserve has basically basically said
look it's not going to get any tighter
it's going to get looser and you might
as well come on in so that tells you
what we are about to see in 2024 and
investors as Black Rock has said have
been given the green light so what's
going to happen are they going to keep
all $6 trillion doll in those money
market funds or is that going to start
draining well I'm about to tell you that
it's already begun you got to uh watch
me through this video cuz I'm going to
explain it all every angle of it okay
retail investors have been piling money
into money funds piling into money funds
last year when the FED began one of the
most aggressive tightening Cycles in
decades but this week the FED signaled
that the campaign is over by projecting
deeper interest rate Cuts in
2024 oh that's right this is a pivotal
moment for cash this is a turning point
and you do start to see money move out
of the money market funds into riskier
assets into term rates to lck in higher
rates as cash rates start to come down
you're penalized in 2024 for holding
cash because the rates of the prospects
uh going lower okay that is actually
what has begun money funds assets are
their first outflows since October does
the trend continue I think that as long
as the Federal Reserve says you know
what yeah next year probably going to be
easier and they just kind of hint in
that direction they don't necessarily
say uhoh inflation's going wild we need
to turn it the other direction then this
would probably continue that means just
as Black Rock said it's a green light
knowing that what occurs with asset
inflation price inflation I'm not
talking about CPI I'm not talking about
core pce I'm talking about asset prices
this this could make them go wild now
when I look at it statistically it is
certainly overbought right now at the
time of this recording there's no
question about that the ctas which are
the computer programs as of this
recording the this week coming up they
are actually programmed to
sell but when we look at it over the
grand scheme of things the market has
every reason to want to go risk on right
now risk on let's do it let's party it's
$1 1999 cuz inflation is going down and
hey everything is AOK that doesn't tell
us what will happen you know a year from
now we don't know but as I'm looking at
it right now statistically that's what's
been happening and if you look back on
my track record you could see how
accurate it has been so far like I said
at the time of this recording so you've
got to see what has been going on
historically S&P 500 performance around
the start of the FED cutting Cycles we
don't know yet of course we don't know
when the fed's going to cut but this is
the case so a little bit confusing but
what you're looking at right there in
the middle that line it's the months
around the Fed rate cut and you know
depends are we recession are we not
recession is it soft Landing the pow you
know fix it all wonderful anyway if they
are cutting because of recession then
you know get some we get some turmoil
there's no question about that however
when you look at it the median of all
episodes during this period of time we
would experience after you know a couple
months just you know a few short months
of turbulence that the markets would be
higher afterwards okay and the markets
let's let's be honest looking at
individual stocks looking at the
Magnificent s but also looking at um you
know the the broad markets in general
being pulled up by those few stocks uh
we're at at or near alltime highs right
seasonality
is this is by the way we covered this in
the finance Friday uh my live class that
we
do and this right here is talking about
seasonality and it's a followup to what
we talked about on Friday to those in
the group but you could see it in the
chart and that is basically just
highlighting the fact that every year
1950 2022 generally during this time of
year the market moves upward the bias
overwhelmingly though in all cases is
that the market moves up there are
periods of time in which the market goes
the opposite direction and it often gets
violent during those periods but the
bias is is buying not selling okay we
need to understand that so fighting
against that in general is not a good
idea you got to be be really smart with
your timing um this just shows us what's
been going on a big concern in my
opinion which is the fact that the
banking crisis is clearly not over there
there's a lot of problems uh that have
been
undiscovered despite the fact that we've
had a lot I mean svb we have credit s
and all that um the usage of the what
they call the bank term funding program
this is like the emergency program that
was set up after svb collapsed Silicon
Valley Bank um in
2023 like it's $124 billion worth that
they are borrowed from this mechanism
which by the way in a few months from
now uh will be gone in in in a short
period of time it will be gone unless
they extend it so something odd is going
on in there and we have to understand
that that is going to have an impact on
what happens broadly inside the
financial system as of this time hey
everything's okay right what happens I
don't know but we could have a locking
up like imagine suddenly what happened
back in uh March
2023 uh even to a more extreme level
back in 2008 to 209 suddenly credit just
really tightens up and that affects the
economy overall because it's all run on
debt so keep that in
mind uh I will highlight any important
details in the coming videos hit that
thumbs up button if you want to be able
to make sure you get that all the future
videos will be as detailed as these here
getting into the nitty-gritty so that
you understand it in depth this shows us
the regional banks have been going up
considerably so despite that despite the
fact that they obviously have a problem
the market is doing very well in this in
this respect uh we are not back to the
levels we had in you know earlier prior
to svb
collapsing uh but it doesn't seem to
affect these stocks so the understanding
here overwhelmingly money market funds
everybody parking their cash in now
there's potential that they would be
sending that out of the money market
thinking hey everything's going to be
fine we're going to have rate Cuts
everything's going to be just fine
because inflation's going down and now
is the time to put more of that cash is
it going to be a tsunami well only time
will tell and I want to know your
thoughts on this as well you've got to
look at that the assets I will track
that here on the channel so we can make
sure week by week to look at where it's
been going you could also look at the
attractiveness of the bond market
because that will absorb some of that as
well if the yields start to drop if
suddenly you're not getting as much on
those bonds then you know you could see
more money wanting to go into the stock
market so keep an eye on that as well so
those are the few things that you should
be watching to keep an understanding of
you know where the market direction is
heading at the same time you want to
look at indications like the
RSI relative strength index on a short
term scale you'll be able to see is it
overbought and at the time of this
recording it certainly is or is it
oversold okay that's in the opposite
direction all these things I will cover
in tomorrow's video as well so you
definitely want to stay tuned for that
hit the thumbs up button to be more
likely to get that video in your feed
share this with your friends and family
this right here what I'm showing you is
the finance Fridays we also have a
Sunday which is a business/ eCommerce
live uh what I do if you want all the
details about those two
programs it's depth that you just you
just can't find it anywhere else okay I
don't BS I don't beat around the bush I
give you all of the depth uh that I have
that's 2 hours on Friday that's 2 hours
on Sunday depends on what you're
interested in if you're interested in
like e-commerce selling products selling
digital products that's Sunday stuff
Finance Fridays uh is two hours of
in-depth we look at charts we look at
the economy I go through a presentation
like all these things um fantastic
resource for a lot of people to just
extract as much data as they can from me
because I'm spending hours and hours and
hours a day and then I can consolidate
that and bring that to you so if you
want to apply for that please do it's in
the link in the description comment of
the day companies that suck should fail
and he's actually quoting I want to
thank you for that he's quoting me and I
totally agree with that look we've got
to have an economic detox it's something
isn't good why are we keeping it
around the best things should rise to
the top when we bail out these companies
that aren't very good you're creating a
moral hazard for them to spend money for
them to screw up take your money along
with it because you probably got to be
the one to bail it out I don't agree
with it but that's the way it goes right
you let me know what you think and as
always I hope to see you tomorrow make
sure you go to the search and type in
the money GPS because it might not come
up in your feed I'll see you then take
care